Add Financial Pages (#113)
vsoch/usrse.github.io: pages/get_involved/support.md

Donations to support US-RSE's ongoing [mission]({{ site.baseurl }}/mission/) can be made at the [US-RSE OCF member page](https://opencollective.com/usrse).
Donations are tax deductible as allowed to the full extent of the law and can be made via a number of convenient methods.

<!-- It would be nice to have this be a big button at some point -->
[Support US-RSE!](https://opencollective.com/usrse)

## Fundraising Initiatives

In general, all donations go towards supporting our [organizational mission]({{ site.baseurl }}/mission/).

Currently, US-RSE is focused on raising funds to support general operational expenses.
The primary general operational needs we need to support at this stage are modest expenses associated with membership management and enhanced communication amongst members.
We are currently limited by the the effort and time required of volunteers to maintain the current system.
By making a [one time or recurring donation](https://opencollective.com/usrse) you'll allow our passionate volunteers to spend more time focused on advancing RSE initiatives than operational tasks.

### Coming Soon

> With the advent of our new logo we are working on soon having a way to offer some fun and exciting branded items that can help strengthen fund raising and spread the US-RSE spirit far and wide.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the advent of our new logo we are working on soon having a way to offer some fun and exciting branded items that can help strengthen fundraising and spread the US-RSE spirit far and wide.
```

> Also, as the Association matures we plan to have targeted funds that will allow the direct support of specific individual initiatives.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also, as the Association matures we plan to have targeted funds that will allow the direct support of specific initiatives.
```
Not sure "individual" adds anything.
